[DEFAULT]
project_root = /MalTutor


[metadata]
naive_data_pool = %(project_root)s/dataset/naive_pool
model_lib = %(project_root)s/Model

[dataset]
dataset_name = dataset
intermediate_directory = %(project_root)s/Training/config
drebin_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk/
drebin_benware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk/
drebin_sampling0_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
drebin_sampling0_benware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
drebin_sampling2_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
drebin_sampling2_benware_dir =/MalTutor/dataset/apk
drebin_sampling1_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
drebin_sampling1_benware_dir =/MalTutor/dataset/apk
drebin_augment0_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
drebin_augment0_benware_dir =/MalTutor/dataset/apk
drebin_augment2_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
drebin_augment2_benware_dir =/MalTutor/dataset/apk
drebin_augment1_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
drebin_augment1_benware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
malradar_malware_dir =  /MalTutor/dataset/apk
malradar_benware_dir =  /MalTutor/dataset/apk
malradar_sampling0_malware_dir =/MalTutor/dataset/apk
malradar_sampling0_benware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
malradar_sampling2_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
malradar_sampling2_benware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
malradar_sampling1_malware_dir =  /MalTutor/dataset/apk
malradar_sampling1_benware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
malradar_augment0_malware_dir =  /MalTutor/dataset/apk
malradar_augment0_benware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
malradar_augment2_malware_dir =  /MalTutor/dataset/apk
malradar_augment2_benware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
malradar_augment1_malware_dir =  /MalTutor/dataset/apk
malradar_augment1_benware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk

[ood]
malgenome_ood_malware_dir =  /MalTutor/dataset/apk
drebin_ood_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
amd_ood_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
adware_ood_malware_dir =  /MalTutor/dataset/apk
smsware_ood_malware_dir =  /MalTutor/dataset/apk
scareware_ood_malware_dir =  /MalTutor/dataset/apk
backdoorware_ood_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
ransomware_ood_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
cic1719adware_ood_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
cic1719smsware_ood_malware_dir =  /MalTutor/dataset/apk
cic1719ransomware_ood_malware_dir =  /MalTutor/dataset/apk
cic1719scareware_ood_malware_dir =  /MalTutor/dataset/apk
cic2020adware_ood_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
cic2020bankware_ood_malware_dir =  /MalTutor/dataset/apk
cic2020riskware_ood_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
cic2020smsware_ood_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk
cic2020benignware_ood_malware_dir = /MalTutor/dataset/apk

